Page 1 of 8 
 
Cogswell Cogs, Inc. 
Supply Sales Agreement 
This Supply Sales Agreement is made on January 1, 2021 (the "Effective Date") 
between Stark Industries, Inc., who is a Delaware corporation with its principal 
place of business at 12502 Industrial Road, Circle Pines, Minnesota ("Stark") and 
Cogswell Cogs, Inc., who is a New York corporation with its principal place of 
business at 501 West Avenue, Syosset, New York ("Cogswell"). 
1. Supply and Purchase of Products. Stark will supply and Cogswell will 
purchase the custom specified hypoid gears (the "Products") in accordance with 
the terms of this agreement. 
2. Orders 
1. Purchase Orders. Stark will submit all orders for Products to Cogswell in 
writing to Cogswell's address listed in the introduction to this agreement, 
or as Cogswell otherwise specifies in writing, (each a "Purchase Order") 
and include in each Purchase Order 
a. each Product it is ordering, identified by model or part number, 
b. the amount of each Product it is ordering, 
c. the unit price of each Product it is ordering, 
d. the location for delivery, and 
e. the delivery date, allowing reasonable time for Cogswell to receive, 
review, and process the Purchase Order, and to ship the 
Products (the "Delivery Date"). 
2. Accepting, Modifying, and Rejecting Purchase Orders 
a. By Notice. Within seven Business Days' of receiving a Purchase 
Order from Stark, Cogswell shall accept, reject, or propose a 
modification to the Purchase Order by sending Stark written notice 
of its acceptance, rejection, or proposed modification. 
b. Deemed Acceptance. If Cogswell fails to notify Stark of its 
acceptance, rejection, or proposed modification, Stark may deem 
that Cogswell accepted the Purchase Order. 
c. Modification of Purchase Order. Cogswell may propose a 
modification to a Purchase Order by including in its notice to Stark 
a modified Purchase Order for Stark to accept or reject according to 
the acceptance and rejection procedures under paragraphs 5 and 
15.5. 
Page 2 of 8 
 
3. Canceling Purchase Orders. Stark may, at no expense to itself, cancel 
part or all of a Purchase Order up to 10 Business Days before the Delivery 
Date. 
3. Supply Forecasts. On or before the Effective Date, and thereafter on or before 
the last day of each calendar quarter, Stark will send Cogswell a Supply 
Forecast. The Supply Forecast will be a binding commitment on Stark's behalf to 
purchase during the first quarter included in each Supply Forecast at least 75% 
of the quantity of the listed Product. 
4. Delivery. Cogswell will deliver the gears and title to the gears to Stark on the first 
business day of each week, at Stark’s address above, using any applicable 
delivery method detailed in the Engineering Specifications, attached to this 
agreement. 
5. Acceptance 
1. Acceptance of Delivery. Cogswell will be deemed to have completed its 
delivery obligations if 
a. in Stark's opinion, the gears satisfy the Acceptance Criteria, and 
b. Stark notifies Cogswell in writing that it is accepting the gears. 
2. Inspection and Notice. Stark will have five Business Days to inspect and 
evaluate the gears following the delivery date before notifying Cogswell 
that it is either accepting or rejecting the gears. 
3. Acceptance Criteria. The "Acceptance Criteria" are the specifications the 
gears must meet for Cogswell to comply with its requirements and 
obligations under this agreement, detailed in Attachment A (“Engineering 
Drawings”), attached to this agreement. 
6. Pricing 
1. Product Prices. The initial prices for all Products are set forth in Schedule 
A. All prices are FOB Cogswell's designated shipping point. 
2. Updated Price List. Cogswell will update its price list each calendar 
quarter and give notice of the updated list to Stark no later than 15 days 
before the end of each calendar quarter. 
7. Purchase Price. Stark will pay the Purchase Price to Cogswell 
1. in full, 
2. on delivery and Stark's acceptance (after Stark has reasonable 
opportunity to inspect, at its own expense), 
3. in immediately available funds, and 
4. to Cogswell's account below: 
Page 3 of 8 
 
Account Number: 33208042 
Routing Number: 00172152 
8. Term 
1. Initial Term. The initial term of this agreement begins on the Effective 
Date and will continue for four years, unless terminated earlier (the "Initial 
Term"). 
2. Renewal Term by Notice. Customer may renew this agreement for 
successive renewal terms of 12 months length ("Renewal Terms"), unless 
terminated earlier, by giving Company notice of the intent to renew this 
agreement, at least 20 Business Days before the end of the Current Term. 
3. Term Definition. "Term" means either the Initial Term or the then-current 
Renewal Term. 
9. Mutual Representations 
1. Authority and Capacity. The parties have the authority and capacity to 
enter into this agreement. 
2. Execution and Delivery. The parties have executed and delivered this 
agreement. 
3. Enforceability. This agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding 
obligation, enforceable against the parties according to its terms. 
4. No Conflicts. Neither party is under any restriction or obligation that may 
affect the performance of its obligations under this agreement. 
10. Limited Warranty 
1. Warranty. Cogswell warrants that the Products 
a. will be free from material defects,  
b. are made with workmanlike quality, and 
c. will conform, within normal commercial tolerances, to the applicable 
specifications. 
2. Replacement Products. Subject to paragraphs 15.5 directly below, 
Stark's sole remedy for breach of this limited warranty will be Cogswell 
providing Stark with a replacement Product, at Cogswell's sole expense. 
3. Notice Requirement. Cogswell will only be required to replace Products 
under paragraph 10.2 if it receives written notice from 
Page 4 of 8 
 
Stark of such defect or nonconformity within ten days after 
delivery of the Products. 
4. Exclusions. This warranty does not extend to any Product 
Stark abuses, neglects, or misuses according to the applicable 
documentation or specifications, or to any Product Stark has 
had repaired or altered by a Person other than Cogswell. 
11. Confidentiality 
1. Confidentiality Obligation. The receiving party will hold in confidence all 
Confidential Information disclosed by the disclosing party to the receiving 
party. 
2. Use Solely for Purpose. A receiving party may only use the Confidential 
Information according to the terms of this agreement and solely for the 
Purpose. 
3. Non-Disclosure. A receiving party may not disclose Confidential 
Information, the existence of this agreement, the Transaction, or the 
Purpose to any third party, except to the extent 
a. permitted by this agreement 
b. the disclosing party consents in writing, or 
c. required by Law. 
4. Notice. A receiving party will notify the disclosing party if it 
a. is required by Law to disclose any Confidential Information, or 
b. learns of any unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information. 
12. Termination 
1. Termination upon Notice. Either party may terminate this agreement for 
any reason upon 20 business days' notice to the other party. 
2. Termination upon Breach 
a. Failure to Pay. If Stark fails to pay when due any amount owing 
under this agreement and that failure continues for five business 
days, Cogswell may terminate this agreement, with immediate 
effect, by giving notice to Stark. 
b. Any Other Breach. If one party 
i. commits any material breach or material default in the 
performance of any obligation under this agreement (other 
than Stark's obligation to pay money), and 
Page 5 of 8 
 
ii. the breach or default continues for a period of 30 business 
days after the other party delivers Notice to it reasonably 
detailing the breach or default, 
iii. then the other party may terminate this agreement, with 
immediate effect, by giving notice to the first party. 
3. Termination upon Insolvency Event. This agreement will terminate 
immediately upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
13. Effect of Termination 
1. Termination of Obligations. Subject to paragraph seven, on termination 
or expiration of this agreement, each party's rights and obligations under 
this agreement will cease immediately. 
2. Payment Obligations. Even after termination or expiration of this 
agreement, each party will 
a. pay any amounts it owes to the other party, including payment 
obligations for services already rendered, work already performed, 
goods already delivered, or expenses already incurred, and 
b. refund any payments received but not yet earned, including 
payments for services not rendered, work not performed, or goods 
not delivered, expenses forwarded. 
3. No Further Liability. On termination or expiration of this agreement, 
neither party will be liable to the other party, except for liability 
a. that arose before the termination or expiration of this agreement, or 
b. arising after the termination or expiration of this agreement and in 
connection with sections 11 or this section. 
14. Limitation on Liability. Neither party will be liable for breach-of-contract 
damages that are remote or speculative, or that the breaching party could not 
reasonably have foreseen on entry into this agreement. 
15. General Provisions 
1. Entire Agreement. The parties intend that this agreement, together with 
all attachments, schedules, exhibits, and other documents that both are 
referenced in this agreement and refer to this agreement, 
a. represent the final expression of the parties' intent relating to the 
subject matter of this agreement, 
Page 6 of 8 
 
b. contain all the terms the parties agreed to relating to the subject 
matter, and 
c. replace all of the parties' previous discussions, understandings, and 
agreements relating to the subject matter of this agreement. 
2. Amendment. This agreement can be amended only by a writing signed 
by both parties. 
3. Assignment. Neither party may assign this agreement or any of their 
rights or obligations under this agreement without the other party's written 
consent. 
4. Relationship of the Parties 
a. No Relationship. Nothing in this agreement creates any special 
relationship between the parties, such as a partnership, joint 
venture, or employee/employer relationship between the parties. 
b. No Authority. Neither party has the authority to, and will not, act as 
agent for or on behalf of the other party or represent or bind the 
other party in any manner. 
5. Notices 
a. Method of Notice. The parties will give all notices and 
communications between the parties in writing by (i) personal 
delivery, (ii) a nationally-recognized, next-day courier service, (iii) 
first-class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid to the 
address that a party has notified to be that party's address for the 
purposes of this section. 
b. Receipt of Notice. A notice given under this agreement will be 
effective on 
i. the other party's receipt of it, or 
ii. if mailed, the earlier of the other party's receipt of it and the 
fifth business day after mailing it.  
6. Severability. If any part of this agreement is declared unenforceable or 
invalid, the remainder will continue to be valid and enforceable. 
7. Waiver 
a. Affirmative Waivers. Neither party's failure or neglect to enforce 
any rights under this agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of 
that party's rights. 
Page 7 of 8 
 
b. Written Waivers. A waiver or extension is only effective if it is in 
writing and signed by the party granting it. 
c. No General Waivers. A party's failure or neglect to enforce any of 
its rights under this agreement will not be deemed to be a waiver of 
that or any other of its rights. 
d. No Course of Dealing. No single or partial exercise of any right or 
remedy will preclude any other or further exercise of any right or 
remedy. 
8. Governing Law and Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue 
a. Governing Law. This agreement, and any dispute arising out of 
the delivery of the product, shall be governed by the laws of the 
State of New York. 
b. Consent to Jurisdiction. Each party hereby irrevocably consents 
to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any state court located 
within Nassau County, State of New York, in connection with any 
matter arising out of this agreement or the transactions 
contemplated under this agreement. 
c. Consent to Service. Each party hereby irrevocably 
i. agrees that process may be served on it in any manner 
authorized by the Laws of the State of New York, and  
ii. waives any objection which it might otherwise have to 
service of process under the Laws of the State of New York. 
9. Counterparts 
a. Signed in Counterparts. This agreement may be signed in any 
number of counterparts. 
b. All Counterparts Original. Each counterpart is an original. 
c. Counterparts Form One Document. Together, all 
counterparts form one single document. 
  
Page 8 of 8 
 
This agreement has been signed by the parties. 
Stark Manufacturing, Inc. 
By:  
Printed Name: 
Title:  
Cogswell Cogs, Inc. 
By: 
Printed Name:  
Title: 